#summary Android Color Select Dialog (HSV palette)
#labels instructions,code,howto,library

= Overview =

This is an Android library you can use in your apps to provide the users with a color choice. Hope you will have fun using it.

= Features =

  * HSV palette
  * orientations
    * portrait
    * landscape
  * fit screen sizes
    * small, medium (1x)
    * large (2x)
    * xlarge/tablets (3x)
  * strings (localization) free

= Instructions =

  # Eclipse is nice. if in doubt, use it!
  # checkout from svn 3CatsColorSelect (see: [http://code.google.com/p/3cats-color-select/source/checkout])
  # if you want, you can also checkout the demo app 3CatsColorLantern then just compile and run
  # in your app's project properties, android, add a library reference to the 3CatsColorSelect library (see: http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/projects/projects-eclipse.html#ReferencingLibraryProject)
  # when you need a color choice, create a "ColorSelectDialog" and show it (see example below)
  # implement the "onNewColor(int color)" interface (i.e. say what you want to do with the new color that the user just selected in the dialog)
  # enjoy!

== Note! ==

Do not forget that if you want to support *natively* all screens *and* legacy Android 1.5 you need to target Android 1.6 (API 4) and allow Android 1.5 (API 3).
Targeting Android 1.5 is a common misuse and may result in shitty graphics. More details here: [http://developer.android.com/guide/practices/screens-support-1.5.html]

= Example =

{{{
// a main activity
public class ThreeCatsColorLantern extends Activity {

	// contains a changeable color
	int color = 0xFFFF0000;

	// suppose this function is called when user wants to change the color
	private void selectColor() {
		
		// then we will create a ColorSelectDialog provided by the library
		// pass the starting selected color on the palette as a parameter
		currentDialog = new ColorSelectDialog(this, color, new ColorSelectDialog.OnColorSelectListener() {
			
			// you have to implement this interface which is called when the user selected a new color
			// in this case, we take the result and save it in the activity class
			public void onNewColor(int color) {
				ThreeCatsColorLantern.this.color = color;
			}
		});
		
		// now we have a complete Dialog, just show it!
		currentDialog.show();
	}

	/// ... your program here
	
}
}}}

= Demo =

You can find the demo on the market: "3Cats Color Lantern" [https://market.android.com/details?id=com.ThreeCats.ColorLantern]

= Thanks =

Goes to Yuku for his "Ambil Warna" (android-color-picker) dialog library. I used it in my apps and as a learning example. Good stuff!